---
title: "compsigh 4th Congress"
authors: [
  { name: "Edward", avatar: "/avatars/edward.png" },
  { name: "Quinn", avatar: "/avatars/quinn.png" },
  { name: "Jet", avatar: "/avatars/jet.png" },
  { name: "Gursh", avatar: "/avatars/gursh.png" },
  { name: "Nish", avatar: "/avatars/nish.png" }
]
event_details: {
  hide_on_timeline: true,
  start: 1738971000,
  end: 1738976400,
  location: "The Hive"
}
---

## Agenda

- BLOOM pulse check
- compsigh night v2025.01.31 debrief
- Going into classes week two debrief
- Update from meeting with ACM & WiT re: BLOOM Ã— Dons Hack
- Update from meeting with Chris re: department fund for the club
- framework check-in: does anything else need documenting?
- Todos update: how is GitHub Issues/Projects going for us?
- Discussing Kiana on leadership
- Getting the next few compsigh nights on the Discord Events tab & web platform

## Notes

## Next meeting outline
