---
title: "leadership meeting 2.0"
authors: [
  { name: "Edward", avatar: "/avatars/edward.png" },
  { name: "Quinn", avatar: "/avatars/quinn.png" },
  { name: "Jet", avatar: "/avatars/jet.png" },
  { name: "Gursh", avatar: "/avatars/gursh.png" },
  { name: "Nish", avatar: "/avatars/nish.png" }
]
event_details: {
  hide_on_timeline: true,
  start: 1737761400,
  end: 1737766800,
  location: "The Hive"
}
---

## Agenda

Reminder to prefer depth > breadth and not rush through items

- Revisiting gaps: phone numbers, email addresses, schedules
  - Everyone shares contact info
  - Calendar updates? (Jet, Quinn)
- *Full* runthrough of [framework](/docs/framework)
- Spring Involvement Fair check-in and tabling materials brainstorm
  - Posters?
- Scoping out the next couple compsigh nights (activities)
- cascade
  - Review changes from v2
  - Timeline expectations: *Who's working on what?* *When should we get together?* Ideally getting started on some of these things
- BLOOM
  - Update re: department blessing
  - Review todos and timeline expectations
- Time permitting, going over ideas mentioned in [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/compsigh/web/issues)
- Next meeting date/time, ideally stable and reliable by now

## Notes

## Todos

## Next meeting outline

- First compsigh night debrief
- Spring Involvement Fair debrief
